“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.” ― Charles Dickens
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart  
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart 
“We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give.” ― Winston Churchhill
“A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.” ― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
“A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.” ― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
“The most truly generous persons are those who give silently without hope of praise or reward.” ― Carol Ryrie Brink, Caddie Woodlawn's Family
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
“Give, but give until it hurts.” ― Mother Teresa
“You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.” ― Amy Carmichael
“Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.” ― Brian Tracy
“You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.” ― Robert Louis Stevenson
“Speak the truth do not become angered and give when asked, even be it a little. By these three conditions one goes to the presence of the gods.” ― Buddha Siddhartha Guatama Shakyamuni
“The bank of love is never bankrupt.” ― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
“Every sunrise is an invitation for us to arise and brighten someone's day.” ― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway
“Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.” ― Brian Tracy
“Don't wait for other people to be loving, giving, compassionate, grateful, forgiving, generous, or friendly... lead the way!” ― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience 
“Live like a tree, giving, forgiving and free.” ― Debasish Mridha M.D.
“What we spend, we lose. What we keep will be left for others. What we give away will be ours forever.” ― David McGee
“There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up” ― Bernard Meltzer
“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.” ― Roy Bennett
“Oh! if the good hearts had the fat purses, how much better everything would go!” ― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables 
